# An-Analysis-of-Recipe-Nutrition-and-Time-to-Prepare
This is a final project for DSC 80 at UCSD! Created by Anisha Kalgi.

# Introduction 
Hello! In this notebook I'd be exploring the **Recipes and Ratings** dataset. I picked this dataset because I love cooking--it's one of my biggest hobbies. As a college student, cooking healthy but time-efficient meals has been a growing responsibility this year, so I think it'd be interesting to work with data that pertains to me! The dataset also seems like it has the potential to have several interesting insights. 

Cooking healthy food can be rewarding but also feel like a chore--the time that it takes to chop veggies sometimes feels much more time consuming than, say, making a quick bowl of instant noodles or heating frozen pizza. **I wonder if there is a relationship between healthier recipes and the time it takes to make them.** To investigate this relationship, I am analyzing two datasets, one consisting of recipes posted since 2008 on food.com, and the other consisting of ratings for recipes posted since 2008 on food.com. The original purpose of the datasets is for the recommender system research paper, 'Generating Personalized Recipes from Historical User Preferences' by Majumder et al.

You can find the dataset [here](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1m_JXpgS2rR1-UYWAnffuUYiA50LvljF1).

## Exploring the Dataset ##
There are two datasets to consider here, `recipe` and `rating.` Let's take a look at both of them:

'<div style="overflow-x:auto"><table border="1" class="dataframe">\n  <thead>\n    <tr style="text-align: right;">\n      <th>name</th>\n      <th>id</th>\n      <th>minutes</th>\n      <th>contributor_id</th>\n      <th>submitted</th>\n      <th>tags</th>\n      <th>nutrition</th>\n      <th>n_steps</th>\n      <th>steps</th>\n      <th>description</th>\n      <th>ingredients</th>\n      <th>n_ingredients</th>\n    </tr>\n  </thead>\n  <tbody>\n    <tr>\n      <td>1 brownies in the world    best ever</td>\n      <td>333281</td>\n      <td>40</td>\n      <td>985201</td>\n      <td>2008-10-27</td>\n      <td>[\'60-minutes-or-less\', \'time-to-make\', \'course\', \'main-ingredient\', \'preparation\', \'for-large-groups\', \'desserts\', \'lunch\', \'snacks\', \'cookies-and-brownies\', \'chocolate\', \'bar-cookies\', \'brownies\', \'number-of-servings\']</td>\n      <td>[138.4, 10.0, 50.0, 3.0, 3.0, 19.0, 6.0]</td>\n      <td>10</td>\n      <td>[\'heat the oven to 350f and arrange the rack in the middle\', \'line an 8-by-8-inch glass baking dish with aluminum foil\', \'combine chocolate and butter in a medium saucepan and cook over medium-low heat , stirring frequently , until evenly melted\', \'remove from heat and let cool to room temperature\', \'combine eggs , sugar , cocoa powder , vanilla extract , espresso , and salt in a large bowl and briefly stir until just evenly incorporated\', \'add cooled chocolate and mix until uniform in color\', \'add flour and stir until just incorporated\', \'transfer batter to the prepared baking dish\', \'bake until a tester inserted in the center of the brownies comes out clean , about 25 to 30 minutes\', \'remove from the oven and cool completely before cutting\']</td>\n      <td>these are the most; chocolatey, moist, rich, dense, fudgy, delicious brownies that you\'ll ever make.....sereiously! there\'s no doubt that these will be your fav brownies ever for you can add things to them or make them plain.....either way they\'re pure heaven!</td>\n      <td>[\'bittersweet chocolate\', \'unsalted butter\', \'eggs\', \'granulated sugar\', \'unsweetened cocoa powder\', \'vanilla extract\', \'brewed espresso\', \'kosher salt\', \'all-purpose flour\']</td>\n      <td>9</td>\n    </tr>\n    <tr>\n      <td>1 in canada chocolate chip cookies</td>\n      <td>453467</td>\n      <td>45</td>\n      <td>1848091</td>\n      <td>2011-04-11</td>\n      <td>[\'60-minutes-or-less\', \'time-to-make\', \'cuisine\', \'preparation\', \'north-american\', \'for-large-groups\', \'canadian\', \'british-columbian\', \'number-of-servings\']</td>\n      <td>[595.1, 46.0, 211.0, 22.0, 13.0, 51.0, 26.0]</td>\n      <td>12</td>\n      <td>[\'pre-heat oven the 350 degrees f\', \'in a mixing bowl , sift together the flours and baking powder\', \'set aside\', \'in another mixing bowl , blend together the sugars , margarine , and salt until light and fluffy\', \'add the eggs , water , and vanilla to the margarine / sugar mixture and mix together until well combined\', \'add in the flour mixture to the wet ingredients and blend until combined\', \'scrape down the sides of the bowl and add the chocolate chips\', \'mix until combined\', \'scrape down the sides to the bowl again\', \'using an ice cream scoop , scoop evenly rounded balls of dough and place of cookie sheet about 1 - 2 inches apart to allow for spreading during baking\', \'bake for 10 - 15 minutes or until golden brown on the outside and soft &amp; chewy in the center\', \'serve hot and enjoy !\']</td>\n      <td>this is the recipe that we use at my school cafeteria for chocolate chip cookies. they must be the best chocolate chip cookies i have ever had! if you don\'t have margarine or don\'t like it, then just use butter (softened) instead.</td>\n      <td>[\'white sugar\', \'brown sugar\', \'salt\', \'margarine\', \'eggs\', \'vanilla\', \'water\', \'all-purpose flour\', \'whole wheat flour\', \'baking soda\', \'chocolate chips\']</td>\n      <td>11</td>\n    </tr>\n    <tr>\n      <td>412 broccoli casserole</td>\n      <td>306168</td>\n      <td>40</td>\n      <td>50969</td>\n      <td>2008-05-30</td>\n      <td>[\'60-minutes-or-less\', \'time-to-make\', \'course\', \'main-ingredient\', \'preparation\', \'side-dishes\', \'vegetables\', \'easy\', \'beginner-cook\', \'broccoli\']</td>\n      <td>[194.8, 20.0, 6.0, 32.0, 22.0, 36.0, 3.0]</td>\n      <td>6</td>\n      <td>[\'preheat oven to 350 degrees\', \'spray a 2 quart baking dish with cooking spray , set aside\', \'in a large bowl mix together broccoli , soup , one cup of cheese , garlic powder , pepper , salt , milk , 1 cup of french onions , and soy sauce\', \'pour into baking dish , sprinkle remaining cheese over top\', \'bake for 25 minutes or until cheese is lightly browned\', \'sprinkle with rest of french fried onions and bake until onions are browned and cheese is bubbly , about 10 more minutes\']</td>\n      <td>since there are already 411 recipes for broccoli casserole posted to "zaar" ,i decided to call this one  #412 broccoli casserole.i don\'t think there are any like this one in the database. i based this one on the famous "green bean casserole" from campbell\'s soup. but i think mine is better since i don\'t like cream of mushroom soup.submitted to "zaar" on may 28th,2008</td>\n      <td>[\'frozen broccoli cuts\', \'cream of chicken soup\', \'sharp cheddar cheese\', \'garlic powder\', \'ground black pepper\', \'salt\', \'milk\', \'soy sauce\', \'french-fried onions\']</td>\n      <td>9</td>\n    </tr>\n    <tr>\n      <td>millionaire pound cake</td>\n      <td>286009</td>\n      <td>120</td>\n      <td>461724</td>\n      <td>2008-02-12</td>\n      <td>[\'time-to-make\', \'course\', \'cuisine\', \'preparation\', \'occasion\', \'north-american\', \'desserts\', \'american\', \'southern-united-states\', \'dinner-party\', \'holiday-event\', \'cakes\', \'dietary\', \'christmas\', \'thanksgiving\', \'low-sodium\', \'low-in-something\', \'taste-mood\', \'sweet\', \'4-hours-or-less\']</td>\n      <td>[878.3, 63.0, 326.0, 13.0, 20.0, 123.0, 39.0]</td>\n      <td>7</td>\n      <td>[\'freheat the oven to 300 degrees\', \'grease a 10-inch tube pan with butter , dust the bottom and sides with flour , and set aside\', \'in a large mixing bowl , cream the butter and sugar with an electric mixer and add the eggs one at a time , beating after each addition\', \'alternately add the flour and milk , stirring till the batter is smooth\', \'add the two extracts and stir till well blended\', \'scrape the batter into the prepared pan and bake till a cake tester or knife blade inserted in the center comes out clean , about 1 1 / 2 hours\', \'cool the cake in the pan on a rack for 5 minutes , then turn it out on the rack to cool completely\']</td>\n      <td>why a millionaire pound cake?  because it\'s super rich!  this scrumptious cake is the pride of an elderly belle from jackson, mississippi.  the recipe comes from "the glory of southern cooking" by james villas.</td>\n      <td>[\'butter\', \'sugar\', \'eggs\', \'all-purpose flour\', \'whole milk\', \'pure vanilla extract\', \'almond extract\']</td>\n      <td>7</td>\n    </tr>\n    <tr>\n      <td>2000 meatloaf</td>\n      <td>475785</td>\n      <td>90</td>\n      <td>2202916</td>\n      <td>2012-03-06</td>\n      <td>[\'time-to-make\', \'course\', \'main-ingredient\', \'preparation\', \'main-dish\', \'potatoes\', \'vegetables\', \'4-hours-or-less\', \'meatloaf\', \'simply-potatoes2\']</td>\n      <td>[267.0, 30.0, 12.0, 12.0, 29.0, 48.0, 2.0]</td>\n      <td>17</td>\n      <td>[\'pan fry bacon , and set aside on a paper towel to absorb excess grease\', \'mince yellow onion , red bell pepper , and add to your mixing bowl\', \'chop garlic and set aside\', \'put 1tbsp olive oil into a saut pan , along with chopped garlic , teaspoons white pepper and a pinch of kosher salt\', \'bring to a medium heat to sweat your garlic\', \'preheat oven to 350f\', \'coarsely chop your baby spinach add to your heated pan , stir frequently for approximately 5 min to wilt\', \'add your spinach to the mixing bowl\', \'chop your now cooled bacon , and add it to the mixing bowl\', \'add your meatloaf mix to the bowl , with one egg and mix till thoroughly combined\', \'add your goat cheese , one egg , 1 / 8 tsp white pepper and 1 / 8 tsp of kosher salt and mix till thoroughly combined\', \'transfer to a 9x5 meatloaf pan , and cook for 60 min or until the internal temperature is at least 160f\', \'let stand for 5min\', \'melt 1tbsp unsalted butter into a frying pan , and cook up to three eggs at a time\', \'crack each egg into a separate dish , in order to prevent egg shells from reaching the pan , then add salt and pepper to taste\', \'wait until the egg whites are firm looking , but slightly runny on top before flipping your eggs\', \'after flipping , wait 10~20 seconds before removing each egg and placing it over your slices of meatloaf\']</td>\n      <td>ready, set, cook! special edition contest entry: a mediterranean flavor inspired meatloaf dish. featuring: simply potatoes - shredded hash browns, egg, bacon, spinach, red bell pepper, and goat cheese.</td>\n      <td>[\'meatloaf mixture\', \'unsmoked bacon\', \'goat cheese\', \'unsalted butter\', \'eggs\', \'baby spinach\', \'yellow onion\', \'red bell pepper\', \'simply potatoes shredded hash browns\', \'fresh garlic\', \'kosher salt\', \'white pepper\', \'olive oil\']</td>\n      <td>13</td>\n    </tr>\n    <tr>\n      <td>5 tacos</td>\n      <td>500166</td>\n      <td>20</td>\n      <td>2549237</td>\n      <td>2013-05-13</td>\n      <td>[\'weeknight\', \'30-minutes-or-less\', \'time-to-make\', \'course\', \'main-ingredient\', \'preparation\', \'occasion\', \'main-dish\', \'beef\', \'vegetables\', \'easy\', \'diabetic\', \'dinner-party\', \'kid-friendly\', \'stove-top\', \'dietary\', \'comfort-food\', \'inexpensive\', \'ground-beef\', \'meat\', \'greens\', \'lettuces\', \'tomatoes\', \'taste-mood\', \'equipment\', \'3-steps-or-less\']</td>\n      <td>[249.4, 26.0, 4.0, 6.0, 39.0, 39.0, 0.0]</td>\n      <td>5</td>\n      <td>[\'cook meat\', \'add taco seasoning\', \'place meat into taco shells / tortillas\', \'top with tomatoes , onions , lettuce , salsa and cheese\', \'boil corn cobs 5-7 minutes\']</td>\n      <td>costs about $5.00 to make.</td>\n      <td>[\'ground beef\', \'taco seasoning\', \'taco shells\', \'lettuce\', \'tomatoes\', \'onion\', \'salsa\', \'cheddar cheese\', \'corn cobs\']</td>\n      <td>9</td>\n    </tr>\n    <tr>\n      <td>50 chili   for the crockpot</td>\n      <td>501028</td>\n      <td>345</td>\n      <td>2628680</td>\n      <td>2013-05-28</td>\n      <td>[\'course\', \'main-ingredient\', \'cuisine\', \'preparation\', \'occasion\', \'main-dish\', \'soups-stews\', \'beans\', \'beef\', \'pork\', \'mexican\', \'easy\', \'stews\', \'crock-pot-slow-cooker\', \'spicy\', \'lentils\', \'meat\', \'taste-mood\', \'equipment\', \'presentation\', \'served-hot\', \'3-steps-or-less\']</td>\n      <td>[270.2, 19.0, 26.0, 48.0, 52.0, 21.0, 4.0]</td>\n      <td>4</td>\n      <td>[\'combine all ingredients in a 7-quart crockpot\', \'it might be easier to combine in a larger vessel , mix , and then transfer to your crockpot\', \'cook on "high" for 5 hours , or "low" for 8 hours\', \'i typically serve the chili over a bed of whole tostito chips , with a layer of shredded cheese in between\']</td>\n      <td>first, thank you to *parsley* - chef # 199848 - for inspiring me with her "thick and chunky crock pot game day chili," recipe #251837.  i had tried about 20 different recipes for chili, and *parsley*\'s was the best.  but i\'ve been tweaking it for a year and a half now, and i think i did it!  this chili is medium to medium-hot, not very sweet, hearty and stew-like, with depth and a delicious aftertaste.  i make in a 7-quart crockpot, for my large family.  if you like your chili sweeter, use a red onion instead of a white onion; add more brown sugar; and/or add more chocolate chips.  be careful:  a little chocolate - just like cumin and cinnamon - goes a looonnnngggg way!</td>\n      <td>[\'stewing beef\', \'stewing pork\', \'white onion\', \'bell peppers\', \'habanero pepper\', \'garlic\', \'beans\', \'chunky salsa\', \'tomato paste\', \'beef broth\', \'tortilla chips\', \'chicken bouillon cube\', \'beef bouillon cube\', \'sazon goya\', \'cinnamon\', \'mexican chili powder\', \'cumin\', \'ground coriander\', \'black pepper\', \'salt\', \'light brown sugar\', \'dark chocolate chips\']</td>\n      <td>22</td>\n    </tr>\n    <tr>\n      <td>blepandekager   danish   apple pancakes</td>\n      <td>503475</td>\n      <td>50</td>\n      <td>128473</td>\n      <td>2013-07-08</td>\n      <td>[\'danish\', \'60-minutes-or-less\', \'time-to-make\', \'course\', \'cuisine\', \'preparation\', \'pancakes-and-waffles\', \'breakfast\', \'scandinavian\', \'european\']</td>\n      <td>[358.2, 30.0, 62.0, 14.0, 19.0, 54.0, 12.0]</td>\n      <td>10</td>\n      <td>[\'beat the eggs lightly and add the milk\', \'combine the flour , sugar and salt\', \'stir the flour mixture into the egg mixture , stirring in the cup of cream as you mix\', \'fry the apple slices in butter in a skillet\', \'preheat oven to 500 degree\', \'cover the bottom of an oven-proof baking dish , or heavy skillet , with apples\', \'pour the batter over slices and bake in a preheated 500 oven\', \'when nearly done , remove from oven and sprinkle here and there with a mixture of sugar and cinnamon to taste\', \'place dabs of butter on the pancake and return to oven until browned\', \'just before serving , sprinkle with lemon juice , and cut into triangles\']</td>\n      <td>this recipe has been posted here for play in zwt9 - scandinavia.  this recipe was found at website: mindspring.com - christian\'s danish recipes.</td>\n      <td>[\'eggs\', \'milk\', \'flour\', \'sugar\', \'salt\', \'cream\', \'apples\', \'butter\', \'cinnamon\', \'lemon, juice of\']</td>\n      <td>10</td>\n    </tr>\n    <tr>\n      <td>lplermagrone</td>\n      <td>522861</td>\n      <td>50</td>\n      <td>135470</td>\n      <td>2015-07-25</td>\n      <td>[\'60-minutes-or-less\', \'time-to-make\', \'course\', \'main-ingredient\', \'preparation\', \'main-dish\', \'side-dishes\', \'eggs-dairy\', \'pasta\', \'cheese\', \'pasta-rice-and-grains\']</td>\n      <td>[1003.8, 72.0, 21.0, 103.0, 69.0, 143.0, 37.0]</td>\n      <td>10</td>\n      <td>[\'a variant on the theme: in the swiss canton of nidwalden , aelplermagrone is prepared with equal amounts of macaroni and potatoes\', \'dried apple slices are traditionally served as a side dish\', \'bring the milk and one tablespoon of salt to a boil\', \'add the noodles , reduce the heat , and cook over a low heat until done , stirring occasionally\', \'the noodles should absorb enough milk so that the dish is still moist\', \'while the pasta is cooking gently saute the onions in butter , and garlic cloves , keeps it low and slow so as not to burn the onion or garlic , which would make it bitter\', \'empty the noodles into a pre-heated bowl: mix in cheese and pepper\', \'top with onions which have been sauteed in butter , and garlic cloves\', \'the aelplermagrone can be served at this point: often a green salad is served alongside\', \'but if you prefer , you can also turn the mixture into a casserole and bake it in the oven long enough to brown the top nicely -- usually about twenty minutes at 400 f / 200 c\']</td>\n      <td>älplermagronethe name doesn\'t translate perfectly into english. magrone is of course macaroni, but älpler doesn\'t only refer to the mountains and the people who live there, but more specifically to the men who would go up into the high pastures with the cows every summer. they had plenty of milk and cheese available to make this rich and delicious dish. this is traditionally serverd with fried onions on top and apple slices or sauce on the side. the cooking time is approximate. you can saute your onions while cooking the macaroni. a straight tubular pasta is what is commonly used penne, mostaccioli or rigatoni, would all work well.</td>\n      <td>[\'milk\', \'salt\', \'macaroni\', \'cheese\', \'fresh coarse ground black pepper\', \'butter\', \'onions\', \'garlic cloves\']</td>\n      <td>8</td>\n    </tr>\n    <tr>\n      <td>lplermagrone  herdsman s macaroni</td>\n      <td>457136</td>\n      <td>40</td>\n      <td>65502</td>\n      <td>2011-05-23</td>\n      <td>[\'60-minutes-or-less\', \'time-to-make\', \'course\', \'main-ingredient\', \'cuisine\', \'preparation\', \'main-dish\', \'side-dishes\', \'pasta\', \'european\', \'swiss\', \'pasta-rice-and-grains\', \'elbow-macaroni\']</td>\n      <td>[708.6, 52.0, 19.0, 24.0, 46.0, 104.0, 25.0]</td>\n      <td>14</td>\n      <td>[\'heat the oven to 100 c\', \'boil potatoes in a saucepan without lid for 5 minutes\', \'add macaroni and cook them al dente\', \'until the liquid is almost absorbed\', \'strain and return to pot\', \'pour cream and muscat over the potatoes and macaroni , season to taste\', \'alternating with cheese , place the macaroni in layers into a 2 litre dish\', \'top with cheese\', \'bake for approximately 10 minutes in the center of the preheated oven until the cheese has melted\', \'optional onion ring topping:\', \'melt the butter\', \'mix onions and flour , shake off extra flour\', \'fry in the butter at medium heat for about 5 minutes until crisp\', \'place onions on paper towels and keep warm\']</td>\n      <td>basic ingredients for swiss alpine macaroni include potatoes, macaroni, cheese and onions. of course, there are several variations of this popular recipe, but no matter how it is prepared, this rustic delight, you just love it. muscat is a sweet or fortified white wine made from a muscat grape. mountain cheese (allgäuer bergkäse) is sometimes called the baby brother to emmentaler as it is eaten younger. it is made in the mountains in alpine dairy huts. i did not include the time for the optional onion ring topping as you can do it while cooking the main dish. enjoy!</td>\n      <td>[\'potato\', \'salt water\', \'macaroni\', \'heavy cream\', \'muscat wine\', \'black pepper\', \'cheese\', \'unsalted butter\', \'onions\', \'fine semolina\']</td>\n      <td>10</td>\n    </tr>\n    <tr>\n      <td>lplermagronen</td>\n      <td>455351</td>\n      <td>55</td>\n      <td>1308592</td>\n      <td>2011-05-07</td>\n      <td>[\'60-minutes-or-less\', \'time-to-make\', \'preparation\']</td>\n      <td>[651.8, 33.0, 12.0, 16.0, 32.0, 63.0, 33.0]</td>\n      <td>15</td>\n      <td>[\'heat oven to 375f set a large pot of salted water to boil\', \'heat butter / oil over medium-low heat in a frying pan\', \'add onions and fry them until golden brown\', \'add penne and potatoes to the salted water\', \'stir to make sure pasta doesnt stick together\', \'cook until tender , about 15 minutes\', \'drain penne and potatoes\', \'combine milk / cream with salt and pepper\', \'in an ovenproof casserole dish , place 1 / 3 of the penne-potatoes , sprinkle with 1 / 2 of the grated cheese\', \'make another layer with 1 / 3 of the penne-potatoes , sprinkle with the other 1 / 2 of the grated cheese\', \'top with the remaining 1 / 3 of the penne-potatoes\', \'pour the seasoned milk / cream evenly over the top\', \'spread the browned onions on top\', \'bake covered for 10-15 minutes until steaming hot and cheese is melted\', \'serve with warmed applesauce\']</td>\n      <td>known as swiss mac n cheese, älplermagronen was traditionally a dish of peasant farmers  served with apple sauce. taken from growchew.wordpress.com and posted for zwt7</td>\n      <td>[\'potato\', \'penne pasta\', \'onions\', \'butter\', \'cheese\', \'milk\', \'salt and pepper\', \'applesauce\']</td>\n      <td>8</td>\n    </tr>\n    <tr>\n      <td>rter med flsk   pea soup with pork</td>\n      <td>333797</td>\n      <td>195</td>\n      <td>64642</td>\n      <td>2008-10-29</td>\n      <td>[\'time-to-make\', \'course\', \'main-ingredient\', \'cuisine\', \'preparation\', \'occasion\', \'north-american\', \'5-ingredients-or-less\', \'soups-stews\', \'beans\', \'american\', \'easy\', \'beginner-cook\', \'dietary\', \'comfort-food\', \'midwestern\', \'inexpensive\', \'free-of-something\', \'taste-mood\', \'savory\', \'presentation\', \'served-hot\', \'4-hours-or-less\']</td>\n      <td>[160.4, 11.0, 0.0, 34.0, 44.0, 12.0, 0.0]</td>\n      <td>5</td>\n      <td>[\'soak peas overnight , drain and add 3 quarts water\', \'bring to a boil and cook rapidly\', \'skim off any skins\', \'after cooking for an hour , add pork and simmer and simmer for 2 hours or until pork is tender\', \'add seasonings\']</td>\n      <td>a hearty and comforting soup from the minnesota scandinavian chapter of the united states regional cookbook, culinary arts institute of chicago, 1947.  overnight soaking not included in preparation time.</td>\n      <td>[\'dried yellow peas\', \'water\', \'salt\', \'pork\', \'ginger\']</td>\n      <td>5</td>\n    </tr>\n    <tr>\n      <td>rtsoppa  swedish yellow pea soup</td>\n      <td>428056</td>\n      <td>150</td>\n      <td>618715</td>\n      <td>2010-06-01</td>\n      <td>[\'time-to-make\', \'course\', \'main-ingredient\', \'cuisine\', \'preparation\', \'soups-stews\', \'vegetables\', \'scandinavian\', \'european\', \'swedish\', \'4-hours-or-less\']</td>\n      <td>[33.2, 0.0, 12.0, 25.0, 1.0, 0.0, 2.0]</td>\n      <td>14</td>\n      <td>[\'rinse and pick through the peas\', "if using whole peas , allow to sit in the water you\'ll use for your soup overnight", "this is unnecessary if you\'re using split peas as long as you simmer the soup for 2-3 hours", \'fill a large pot with 8 cups water\', \'add the peas , chopped onions , whole onion with cloves , carrot , and ham bone to the pot\', \'bring to a boil , then simmer over low heat for 90 minutes\', \'if using whole peas , skim off any pea skins that have risen to the surface\', \'remove 2-3 cups of the soup , pure it , then return the pure to the pot\', \'continue to simmer at least another 30 minutes\', \'30 minutes before serving , remove the studded onion and the meat\', \'chop the meat and return to the pot\', \'season with thyme , ginger , salt , and pepper\', \'simmer 15 more minutes\', \'serve with mustard on the side so it may be added to taste\']</td>\n      <td>according to the site where i found this recipe, this soup is traditionally served on thursdays and is usually followed by crepe-like pancakes and whipped cream and preserves for dessert. a teaspoon of grainy brown mustard on top of each serving helps to enhance the flavors.</td>\n      <td>[\'dried yellow peas\', \'water\', \'onions\', \'clove\', \'carrot\', \'ham bone\', \'dried thyme\', \'ground ginger\', \'salt\', \'pepper\', \'brown mustard\']</td>\n      <td>11</td>\n    </tr>\n    <tr>\n      <td>pinards en branche  sauted spinach</td>\n      <td>306245</td>\n      <td>50</td>\n      <td>849216</td>\n      <td>2008-05-30</td>\n      <td>[\'60-minutes-or-less\', \'time-to-make\', \'course\', \'main-ingredient\', \'cuisine\', \'preparation\', \'low-protein\', \'5-ingredients-or-less\', \'very-low-carbs\', \'side-dishes\', \'vegetables\', \'french\', \'easy\', \'european\', \'dietary\', \'low-sodium\', \'low-cholesterol\', \'low-saturated-fat\', \'low-calorie\', \'low-carb\', \'healthy-2\', \'low-in-something\', \'greens\', \'spinach\']</td>\n      <td>[61.8, 5.0, 2.0, 6.0, 9.0, 9.0, 1.0]</td>\n      <td>13</td>\n      <td>[\'pull away and discard any tough stems and blemished leaves from the spinach\', \'rinse and drain the spinach\', \'pour the water into a kettle and bring to the boil\', \'add salt to taste and the spinach\', \'stir down to wilt\', \'bring to the boil , stirring occasionally , and cook about 5 minutes\', \'empty the spinach into a colander and drain\', \'press with the back of a wooden spoon to extract most of the liquid\', \'squeeze between the hands to extract additional moisture\', \'put the spinach on a flat surface and chop it coarsely\', \'add nutmeg\', \'put the butter in a skillet and , when it starts to brown , add the spinach\', \'cook , tossing and stirring , just to heat through\']</td>\n      <td>spinach lightly sautéed in butter</td>\n      <td>[\'fresh spinach\', \'water\', \'nutmeg\', \'butter\']</td>\n      <td>4</td>\n    </tr>\n    <tr>\n      <td>der wiener schnitzel style chili dog sauce</td>\n      <td>523359</td>\n      <td>55</td>\n      <td>2000414501</td>\n      <td>2015-08-27</td>\n      <td>[\'60-minutes-or-less\', \'time-to-make\', \'preparation\', \'occasion\', \'easy\', \'copycat\', \'from-scratch\']</td>\n      <td>[259.7, 23.0, 18.0, 31.0, 34.0, 28.0, 4.0]</td>\n      <td>16</td>\n      <td>[\'in a large size dutch oven or large size deep sauce pan , brown ground beef and ground pork over medium heat , making sure that the meat is well crumbled\', \'when the meat is completely browned cover saucepan and turn heat to low\', \'after 5 minutes , remove the ground meat from the heat and drain off most of the fat\', \'keep some of the fat in the pan for flavor ,\', \'while the meat is still off the heat , add water and the cornstarch in a medium size mixing bowl\', "whisk the cornstarch thoroughly as it\'s added until it\'s dissolved into the water", \'now add the wondra flour to the water mix and whisk until all is dissolved\', \'add water mixture to the pan of meat\', \'return the pan to the burner over medium heat and add the remaining ingredients\', \'bring mixture to a boil stirring often to keep it from sticking to the bottom of the pan\', \'when chili begins to boil , reduce the heat and simmer for 40 minutes uncovered\', \'when chili is done it will be thicker and darker\', \'it is made by gold medal and can usually be found in the baking aisle next to the other flour\', \'perfect chili for hot dogs !\', \'makes about 8 cups servings\', "cook\'s"]</td>\n      <td>this was the best chili dog ever invented! i loved going to der wiener schnitzel when i was a kid, now called just "wiener schnitzel", but the chili dog is the same wonderful hot dog that we all grew up with, but now you can make it at home!</td>\n      <td>[\'ground beef\', \'ground pork\', \'water\', \'cornstarch\', \'wondra flour\', \'tomato paste\', \'chili powder\', \'paprika\', \'white vinegar\', \'salt\', \'dried onion flakes\', \'granulated sugar\', \'garlic powder\', \'ground black pepper\']</td>\n      <td>14</td>\n    </tr>\n    <tr>\n      <td>go to bbq sauce for ribs</td>\n      <td>495314</td>\n      <td>13</td>\n      <td>488441</td>\n      <td>2013-02-11</td>\n      <td>[\'15-minutes-or-less\', \'time-to-make\', \'course\', \'cuisine\', \'preparation\', \'north-american\', \'sauces\', \'condiments-etc\', \'american\', \'easy\', \'3-steps-or-less\']</td>\n      <td>[233.5, 0.0, 209.0, 52.0, 2.0, 0.0, 19.0]</td>\n      <td>3</td>\n      <td>[\'mix all ingredients together\', \'heat on medium heat in a saucepan until bubbly\', \'turn down and keep warm until ready to mop onto your meat\']</td>\n      <td>this bbq sauce will stick to your ribs! you can also use it for chicken and pork, heck, just about any meat. if grilling, put sauce on during the last few minutes so it doesn’t just burn on your grill. serve additional sauce on the side.</td>\n      <td>[\'tomato ketchup\', \'dark brown sugar\', \'applesauce\', \'ponzu sauce\', \'maple syrup\', \'liquid smoke\', \'apple cider vinegar\', \'salt\', \'oregano\', \'granulated garlic\', \'cayenne\']</td>\n      <td>11</td>\n    </tr>\n    <tr>\n      <td>bbq spray recipe    it really works</td>\n      <td>327356</td>\n      <td>5</td>\n      <td>398160</td>\n      <td>2008-09-26</td>\n      <td>[\'15-minutes-or-less\', \'time-to-make\', \'course\', \'preparation\', \'low-protein\', \'healthy\', \'5-ingredients-or-less\', \'very-low-carbs\', \'condiments-etc\', \'easy\', \'low-fat\', \'dietary\', \'low-sodium\', \'low-cholesterol\', \'low-saturated-fat\', \'low-calorie\', \'low-carb\', \'low-in-something\']</td>\n      <td>[47.2, 0.0, 2.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0, 0.0]</td>\n      <td>5</td>\n      <td>[\'mix ingredients together and add to a clean spray bottle\', \'spray and "wet" your bbq meat\', \'seal the meat in a plastic bag and refrigerate at least 4 hours or overnight\', \'grill the meat over indirect heat according to your recipe , spraying every 15minutes during the cooking time\', \'remove meat from grill and serve\']</td>\n      <td>using this marinade/spray will insure that your grilled meats are tender and tasty every time. try it on beef or pork ribs, beef brisket, pork butt or chicken. you\'ll love the results!</td>\n      <td>[\'red wine vinegar\', \'lemon juice\', \'water\']</td>\n      <td>3</td>\n    </tr>\n    <tr>\n      <td>berry french toast  oatmeal</td>\n      <td>325509</td>\n      <td>12</td>\n      <td>957013</td>\n      <td>2008-09-17</td>\n      <td>[\'15-minutes-or-less\', \'time-to-make\', \'course\', \'preparation\', \'for-1-or-2\', \'granola-and-porridge\', \'breakfast\', \'diabetic\', \'vegan\', \'vegetarian\', \'dietary\', \'number-of-servings\']</td>\n      <td>[190.9, 8.0, 2.0, 0.0, 13.0, 3.0, 9.0]</td>\n      <td>5</td>\n      <td>[\'add 1 / 2 cup old-fashioned oats and 1 cup water into a large microwaveable bowl\', \'cook in microwave on 50% power for 6 minutes\', \'place frozen berries in small bowl and defrost in microwave until the juice from the berries is released\', \'add defrosted berries , sugar free syrup , butter spray , and flax seed together and stir well\', \'enjoy !\']</td>\n      <td>the first time i made oatmeal this way i thought it tasted like french toast topped with berries...thus the name! :) use whichever kind of berries you like...my personal favorite is cherries.</td>\n      <td>[\'old fashioned oats\', \'water\', \'berries\', \'ground flax seeds\', \'sugar-free syrup\', "i can\'t believe it\'s not butter spread"]</td>\n      <td>6</td>\n    </tr>\n    <tr>\n      <td>big easy   gumbo</td>\n      <td>445026</td>\n      <td>68</td>\n      <td>1072593</td>\n      <td>2010-12-29</td>\n      <td>[\'weeknight\', \'time-to-make\', \'course\', \'main-ingredient\', \'cuisine\', \'preparation\', \'occasion\', \'north-american\', \'gumbo\', \'soups-stews\', \'seafood\', \'african\', \'american\', \'cajun\', \'southern-united-states\', \'easy\', \'dinner-party\', \'heirloom-historical\', \'shrimp\', \'creole\', \'dietary\', \'low-calorie\', \'oamc-freezer-make-ahead\', \'low-carb\', \'low-in-something\', \'shellfish\', \'3-steps-or-less\', \'4-hours-or-less\']</td>\n      <td>[484.1, 42.0, 7.0, 32.0, 75.0, 31.0, 6.0]</td>\n      <td>11</td>\n      <td>[\'heat oil in a large dutch oven over medium-high heat\', \'gradually whisk in flour and cook , whisking constantly , 5 to 7 minutes or until flour is chocolate colored\', \'do not burn mixture\', \'reduce heat to medium\', \'stir in onion and next 4 ingredients and cook , stirring constantly , 3 minutes\', \'gradually stir in chicken broth\', \'add chicken and next 2 ingredients\', \'increase heat to medium-high and bring to a boil\', \'reduce heat to low and simmer , stirring occasionally , 20 minutes\', \'add shrimp and cook 5 minutes or just until shrimp turn pink\', \'serve over hot rice\']</td>\n      <td>from january, 2011\'s issued of southern living.  this is an easier version of the original because it uses pre-cooked chicken and canned broth.  don\'t forget...heat your oil good before adding the flour for a flavorful and fast roux.  good for oamc, too.</td>\n      <td>[\'vegetable oil\', \'all-purpose flour\', \'onion\', \'green bell pepper\', \'celery\', \'creole seasoning\', \'garlic cloves\', \'low sodium chicken broth\', \'cooked chicken\', \'andouille sausage\', \'frozen black-eyed peas\', \'large raw shrimp\']</td>\n      <td>12</td>\n    </tr>\n    <tr>\n      <td>burek  or feta cheese  phyllo pie</td>\n      <td>310570</td>\n      <td>65</td>\n      <td>676820</td>\n      <td>2008-06-24</td>\n      <td>[\'time-to-make\', \'course\', \'main-ingredient\', \'cuisine\', \'preparation\', \'savory-pies\', \'main-dish\', \'eggs-dairy\', \'easy\', \'european\', \'cheese\', \'4-hours-or-less\']</td>\n      <td>[428.1, 29.0, 11.0, 40.0, 37.0, 44.0, 14.0]</td>\n      <td>38</td>\n      <td>[\'first - let me explain the feta\', \'we have an italian market that sells fresh fruits and veggies etc\', \'and they have a fresh cheese section\', \'i always buy a block of french feta cheese\', \'i use half for this recipe and the rest for omelets etc\', "you can use the prepacked feta but if you want the full experience you\'ll need a lot", \'also , you may use other variety of feta the french is very salty which is why i add cottage cheese\', \'it kind of balances out the saltiness abit\', \'you just need 1 package of phyllo\', \'mine says 32 oz , buy the long box not the country\', \'preheat oven to 350f\', \'in large mixing bowl beat eggs , add 2 cups milk and mix well\', \'take your block of feta and cut in half\', \'use one 1 / 2 and refrigerate the other\', \'crumble the feta into the egg mix and add cottage cheese\', \'make sure you have nice chunks\', \'mix well , the mixture should be thick and very lumpy\', \'if too thick add more milk\', \'take a large deep baking dish\', \'sprinkle oil on bottom only\', \'lay one sheet phyllo and drizzle with oil , continue until you have 4 sheets\', \'when you add the last sheet place your hand flat on the phyllo sheets and gently gather , without tearing by pulling the sides slightly toward center\', \':)\', "use 1 full ladle of the egg / feta mixture onto the layer , you don\'t need to cover all the phyllo just don\'t leave the feta in one spot distribute", \'layer another phyllo sheet and sprinkle with oil\', \'layer another sheet of phyllo and again crumple the center then sprinkle the oil\', \'one ladle of the egg / feta mix\', \'continue in this pattern\', \'if you see that you have alot of the egg / feta mix left you can start to add more than the 1 ladle\', \'your last layer should be 3-4 layers of phyllo\', "don\'t sprinkle with oil yet", \'take a soup spoon and with the handle , tuck in the sides\', \'now sprinkle with oil\', \'bake for about 30-40 minutes or until the top is puffed and nicely browned\', \'your kitchen with smell wonderful\', \'the burek will puff high off the top of the pan but once cooled will drop\', \'you must cool completely or you will nto be able to cut with out it falling apart\', "it\'s moist and a bit salty and goes great with a nice cold beer ! you can serve as main meal with salad or as appetizer"]</td>\n      <td>ok, there are different version of burek (some eastern europeans even greeks) roll a fresh dough and then spend more time rolling, folding and waiting. but if you\'re like me and my mom, use phyllo! it\'s quick and you can always keep it in the freezer.  i remember while i was growing up and my mom would make this every sunday! the smell alone coming from our kitchen used to make me come running home. please excuse the directions, but the recipe doesn\'t really have measurements or written directions! this is an old recipe and no one ever wrote it down.</td>\n      <td>[\'phyllo dough\', \'eggs\', \'milk\', \'feta\', \'oil\', \'cottage cheese\']</td>\n      <td>6</td>\n    </tr>\n  </tbody>\n</table></div>'

# Data Cleaning and Exploratory Data Analysis

# Assessment of Missingness

# Hypothesis Testing 

# Framing a Prediction Problem

# Baseline Model

# Final Model

# Fairness Analysis
